hello Namaste Salaam walekum sorry akahl
welcome back to another session with
your washer fatwa rava calm today I am
going to show you a dish this recipe was
sent from China in Andhra Pradesh and
they had a lot of ingredients to make a
nice curry which is little bit sorry for
this they're going to use amaranthus and
the sorrel leaf that is a Gongora and
thought Ogura these two leaves you know
are used and they make Tsar dish so for
this first I am going to add oil and
when the oil is hot you can add a
tempering of mustard seeds and when the
mustard seeds crackle add red chillies
and cumin seeds okay in this we're going
to add chopped onion curry leaf I am
going to add some salt and just sort of
them and along with this we're going to
add some turmeric and when these onions
you know slightly get fried then we're
going to add drumstick the aphrodisiac
drumstick and also those are Chi that
means it's a yellow cucumber and just
mix all of this also in this we are
going to add some tomatoes and after
adding tomatoes just put the lid on and
let it cook in its own juices for around
3 to 4 minutes now after letting it cook
for some time we are going to add green
chili paste and also chana dal you know
that has been soaked in water along with
the water we are going to add in this
and we are going to cook it for around
another 3 minutes while this is getting
cooked you may have to add some water
and also add some tamarind juice and
also at this time you can check the salt
so I can add some salt and we just going
to let this cook for another 2 minutes
after which we're going to add the two
leaves one is the cereal greens and one
is the amaranthus what we call tota Cora
now we're going to add this amaranthus
leave ha I like it because so much of
greens and in fact I'm also going to add
the chopped coriander also into this and
mix all of this and even though this
looks a lot now once it gets heated and
cooked this quantity will become less
yeah so we're just going to let all the
leaf steam little bit then we're going
to mix it up you know after cooking for
some time make sure that the drumstick
is all nicely cooked along with this you
know this very very tasty and it is
sorry it has got nice qualities of you
know but you know this has got a lot of
greens and it tastes really really good
you know specially when you have guests
coming you can make this and serve and
talk about you know that you have used
drumstick the two kinds of leaves the
cucumber what you added and also you can
talk about the dal what you added see
some of the things when you eat you know
you talked about how you made a dish the
dish becomes even more tasty difference
very simple dish from chill allah in
andhra pradesh so try it and enjoy it
this kind of char foods is better eaten
with hands that is how everybody in the
state every most of the people in India
eat and nice good given but do not
forget vara is all about inspiring
others to cook so please post your
recipes and cooking tips at wherever
calm so others can benefit from your
great cooking thank you
member